Update aggregates.md (#4235)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/functions/utility.md

| [`force_checkpoint(database)`](#force_checkpointdatabase) | Synchronize WAL with file for (optional) database interrupting transactions. |
| [`gen_random_uuid()`](#gen_random_uuid) | Alias of `uuid`. Return a random UUID similar to this: `eeccb8c5-9943-b2bb-bb5e-222f4e14b687`. |
| [`getenv(var)`](#getenvvar) | Returns the value of the environment variable `var`. Only available in the [command line client]({% link docs/api/cli/overview.md %}). |
| [`hash(value)`](#hashvalue) | Returns a `UBIGINT` with the hash of the `value`. |
| [`icu_sort_key(string, collator)`](#icu_sort_keystring-collator) | Surrogate key used to sort special characters according to the specific locale. Collator parameter is optional. Valid only when ICU extension is installed. |
| [`if(a, b, c)`](#ifa-b-c) | Ternary conditional operator. |
| [`ifnull(expr, other)`](#ifnullexpr-other) | A two-argument version of coalesce. |

> | [`is_histogram_other_bin(arg)`](#ishistogramotherbinarg) | Returns `true` when `arg` is the "catch-all element" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram_exact`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramexactargelements) function, which is equal to the "right-most boundary" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramargboundaries) function. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`is_histogram_other_bin(arg)`](#is_histogram_other_binarg) | Returns `true` when `arg` is the "catch-all element" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram_exact`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogram_exactargelements) function, which is equal to the "right-most boundary" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramargboundaries) function. |
```

| **Example** | `ifnull(NULL, 'default_string')` |
| **Result** | `default_string` |

#### `is_histogram_other_bin(arg)`

<div class="nostroke_table"></div>

> | **Description** | Returns `true` when `arg` is the "catch-all element" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram_exact`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramexactargelements) function, which is equal to the "right-most boundary" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramargboundaries) function. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Description** | Returns `true` when `arg` is the "catch-all element" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram_exact`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogram_exactargelements) function, which is equal to the "right-most boundary" of its datatype for the purpose of the [`histogram`]({% link docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md %}#histogramargboundaries) function. |
```
